Document forked pipelines (#70)
tenzir/docs: src/content/docs/explanations/architecture/node/index.mdx

pipelines through a web interface. However, using the platform is optional—you
can also be manually manage pipelines via the node's [REST
API](/reference/node-api).

## Standalone vs. Managed Pipeline Execution

To understand the benefits of a node, let's first consider how you can run
pipelines without one. You run a single pipeline directly from the command line
using the `tenzir` binary:

![Standalone Execution](./standalone-execution.svg)

This _standalone execution_ mode of a pipeline is ideal for ad-hoc data
transformations akin to how one would use `jq`, but with much broader data
handling capabilities.

For continuous and more dependable data processing, you will quickly realize
that you also need scheduled execution, automatic restarting, monitoring of
warnings/errors, and more advanced execution capabilities, like real-time
enrichment with contextual data or correlation with historical data.

This is where a node comes into play, offering a vehicle to execute one or more
pipelines in a managed fashion. You can spawn a node with the `tenzir-node`
binary or by running the Docker container that contains this binary:

![Managed Execution](./managed-execution.svg)

> ## Forked Pipelines

Reviewer: I would not call that feature "Forked Pipelines" publicly. I would not expect our user base to be familiar with `fork (2)`. It would be better to name it "Pipeline Subprocesses". I think I'd go as far as not using the work "fork" in this doc at all, as it also can be misinterpreted for a road-fork like element in the pipeline.

A node can execute pipelines in two different modes: as forked processes or
within the same `tenzir-node` process. By default, pipelines run as forked
processes. Each approach offers distinct advantages and trade-offs.

![Forked Pipelines](./forked-pipelines.svg)

When pipelines run as separate forked processes, they don't share fate with
each other. If one pipeline crashes, it won't affect other running pipelines,
which improves overall reliability. This isolation also enables better scaling
across available CPU cores since each pipeline can utilize cores independently.
Vertically scaling a node becomes more efficient as this approach reduces
pressure on the node's internal scheduler and improves overall system
responsiveness. However, forked execution comes with costs: each process
requires its own memory space and system resources, and the system must
serialize data when crossing process boundaries.

In contrast, when pipelines run within the same `tenzir-node` process, they
operate with less OS pressure due to running as a single process with a fixed
number of threads and efficient user-level task scheduling. Pipelines can pass

> data directly without serialization at their boundaries, which significantly
> lowers overall resource consumption. The trade-off here involves shared fate—a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data directly without serialization at their boundaries, which can noticeably
lower overall resource consumption. The trade-off here involves shared fate—a
```
Depending on context, people have very different interpretations for "significant":
* scientific: has a high-confidence impact on the measurement result of an experiment.
* regular people: "a lot"
